# Changes and migration of version 2021.2.3

## **Release Train**

Following are the artefacts of this release:

* **Decisyon App Composer for Docker** \
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.appcomposer-docker:2021.2.3
* **Decisyon App Composer for Kubernetes**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.appcomposer-k8s:2021.2.3
* **Dumbella Job Executor**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.dumbella:2021.2.3
* **Cornelius Configuration Server**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.cornelius:2021.2.3
* **Keycloak OIDC Server**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.keycloak:2021.2.3
* **Gertrude Flowable Back-end**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.gertrude:2021.2.3
* **Flowable Modeler**\
  decisyon-dac-docker-prod.jfrog.io/com.decisyon.flowable-ui-modeler-app:2021.2.3
* **Decisyon Design Studio**\
  http://repository.decisyon.com/public/dac-designstudio/release/2021.2.3

**Configurable properties**<br>

Following are the properties that need to be defined as environment variables to configure DAC properties:

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="187.00866551126518">Property</th><th width="150">Description</th><th>Mandatory</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Property</td><td>Description</td><td>Mandatory</td></tr><tr><td><strong>GENERAL SETTINGS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>spring.profiles.active</td><td>Enables DAC features</td><td>YES: set its value to “prod”. You need to add “cornelius” if you want to use the configuration server or “monitoring” to enable metrics. For example spring.profiles.active=prod,cornelius,monitoring</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.discussions.fast-validation.enabled</td><td>Enables fast validation for Discussion</td><td>NO: defautl value is false</td></tr><tr><td><strong>HTTP SETTINGS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>server.http2.enabled</td><td>Enables http2</td><td>NO: default value is false</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>METADATA DATASOURCE</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>service.metadata.name</td><td>Name of the metadata service</td><td>YES: its value must be “metadata”</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.user</td><td>Specify user to use to authenticate to the database</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.password</td><td>Password</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.database</td><td>Database name</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.schema</td><td>Specify name of the schema to use for Postgres</td><td>This value is mandatory only if use Postgres</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.port</td><td>Specify port of the database</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.host</td><td>Specify hostname of the database</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.url</td><td>Specify jdbc connection url of the database.</td><td>YES</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.minIdle</td><td></td><td>NO: default value is 5</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.maxPoolSize</td><td>Maximum pool size</td><td>NO: default value is 100</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.idleTimeout</td><td>Maximum idle time for connection</td><td>NO: default value is 300000</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.connectionTimeout</td><td>Maximum number of milliseconds that a client will wait for a connection</td><td>NO: default value is 600000</td></tr><tr><td>metadata.maxLifeTime</td><td>Maximum lifetime in milliseconds of a connection in the pool after it is closed</td><td>NO: default value is 600000</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>SECURITY EXTENSIONS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.keycloak.enabled</td><td>Enables the support for Keycloak</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it true if use Keycloak.</td></tr><tr><td>uaa.url</td><td>User Management Endpoint</td><td>This value is mandatory if you use Keycloak.</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.azure.security.starter.enabled</td><td>Enables support for Azure AD</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it true if use Azure AD.</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.schneider.security.starter.enabled</td><td>Enables support for Schneider IDMS</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it true if use Schenider IDMS.</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.api-gateway.enabled</td><td> Enables support for Api Gateway</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it true if use an Api Gateway.</td></tr><tr><td>api-gateway.cookie.name</td><td></td><td>This value is mandatory if you use an Api Gateway.</td></tr><tr><td>api-gateway.id-token.uid.claim</td><td></td><td>This value is mandatory if you use an Api Gateway.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>SECURITY</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.security.debug</td><td>Enables UI Toast to show any security alert due to param validation.</td><td>NO: default is false</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>WORKFLOW</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.workflow.enabled</td><td>Enable the workflow capabilities of DAC</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it to true if use the workflow</td></tr><tr><td>flowable.task.url</td><td>Gertrude url</td><td>This is mandatory if you use the workflow</td></tr><tr><td>flowable.modeler.url</td><td>Flowable Modeler url</td><td>This is mandatory if you use the workflow</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>DUMBELLA JOB EXECUTOR</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.dubella.enabled</td><td>Enables Dumbella</td><td>NO: default value is false, set it to true if use Dumbella</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.dubella.url</td><td>Dumbella url</td><td>This is mandatory if you use the Dumbella</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>NETWORKING SETTINGS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.heart-beat.timeout</td><td>Sets the STOMP heart-beat timeout (in millisec)</td><td>NO: default value is 50000</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>THREAD SETTINGS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.task.execution.pool.core-size</td><td></td><td>NO: default value is 10</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.task.execution.pool.max-size</td><td></td><td>NO: default value is 50</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.task.session-content.delay</td><td>Delay, in millisec, of the session content thread</td><td>NO: default value is 2000</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>WEB SOCKET SETTINGS</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.reconnect.attempts</td><td>Numbers of attempts to reconnect on a closing connection. </td><td>NO: default value is 2</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.reconnect.stomp-attempts</td><td>Numbers of attempts to reconnect using a brand new connection.</td><td>NO: default value is 1</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.reconnect.delay</td><td>Delay, in millisec, between attempts of reconnecting.</td><td>NO: default value is 2000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.heart-beat.client</td><td>STOMP heart-beat, in millisec</td><td>NO: default value is 20000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.heart-beat.server</td><td>STOMP heart-beat, in millisec</td><td>NO: default value is 20000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.heart-beat.master.client</td><td>STOMP heart-beat, in millisec of the main ws connection.</td><td>NO: default value is 20000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.heart-beat.master.server</td><td>STOMP heart-beat, in millisec of the main ws connection.</td><td>NO: default value is 20000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.ping-pong.timeout</td><td>Applicative ping/pong timing, in millisec.</td><td>NO: default value is 25000</td></tr><tr><td>appcomposer.ws.session-max-idle.timeout</td><td>Web Socket connection idle timeout, in millisec.</td><td>NO: default value is 1800000 (30 min, should be equal to the http session timeout)</td></tr></tbody></table>

