# Widgets advanced properties

## Shared Datamarts

The system allows you to associate report presentation Page widgets (such as crosstabs, indicators, graphs, ...), so they use the same datamart, generated by a master widgets.

The other widgets dependent on it (slave) will NOT be executed. That is, the respective private datamart will NOT be created. The datamart for the master widgets will be generated before the other widgets , so that the dependent reports can access it. After the datamart has been changed, the reports associated with it will be upgraded to show any modified values.

This function minimizes the space required by the reports for each Page.

Widgets can use the datamart of a master object if the master object contains the levels of the dependent report. The following conditions must also be met:

* first-level and advanced metrics of the slave reports are to be contained in the master. The metrics required by the slave report can also be component metrics of a composite metric of the master report
* composite metrics that use the metric function (including the respective dependent metrics) of the slave reports are to be contained in the master. The metrics required by the slave report can also be component metrics of a composite metric of the master report
* the direct filters of the slave reports are to be contained in the master
* the range filters of the slave reports are to be contained in the master
* the custom filters of the slave reports must have a counterpart in the master, that is, a filter must exist in the master (direct, range or custom) such that its formula is equal to that of the custom filter of the dependent reports
* the master widgets cannot be defined as slave of another report

Compatibility between master and slave widgets is executed whenever the DAC user makes a change on the Page, using the report navigation. If they are not compatible, navigation is interrupted and an error message is shown. An error message is also received in cases where reports are changed by DAC.

Dependency is only valid in the Page where it is defined.

To define a report presentation component as slave, simply select the master report in the _**share-datamart**_ property:

* this property lists all reports that are used by the components of the Page (name and ID).

If an incompatible master report is selected, an error message will block the procedure, and indicate the reason

* the default item is \<repor&#x74;_-datamart>, which_ indicates the use of a private datamart, rather than a shared one

## Launch report

You can access the report for the components which have an associated report. This behavior can be customized using the _**launch-report**_ property _**(ObjectStyle**_ group); if it is enabled, it lets you open, in the catalog, the report associated with the object (crosstab, graph, indicator, map) used for data display by double-clicking on the object or by clicking on the title of the object.

This property enables _**instance-type**_ which allows the user to decide, once the report associated with the object is launched, if the changes made to the report should have an impact on the starting object (_same instance_) or if the launched report is to be considered a separate instance (_clone instance_).

If you access the report associated with a crosstab (“launch report” property enabled), and perform operations on it (e.g. pivoting, operations on the page-bys, adding metrics or levels) and then use the “reload report” button, the report will return to the initial situation while maintaining the settings it had in the Page when the catalog was launched.
