# 🔄 Deprecations

As App Composer technology evolves, some functions and features become obsolete or are replaced by more efficient alternatives. This page lists **deprecated functions** and, where possible, recommended replacements. Updating your applications to utilize these alternatives ensures continued performance and compatibility with future versions.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Note**: Applications relying on deprecated features may require modifications to remain operational.
{% endhint %}

We use the term "deprecation" to refer to the process of retiring a feature. When we announce that a feature is being deprecated, it immediately becomes deprecated. Some of these features might already have a removal date planned, while others may not, in which case their removal date is marked as "To be defined."

Typically, a feature is removed after two major release versions following its deprecation.

In example, if a feature is marked as deprecated in version 2023.0.0, it is guaranteed to remain available up through version 2023.2.0, including all minor updates (2023.2.x). However, starting with version 2023.3.0 and later, Decisyon Inc. may remove the deprecated features.

For each feature it is reported:

* **Feature Name:** This field indicates the name of the deprecated function or feature.
* **Impact:** This field provides a detailed description of the effects or impacts that will occur after the removal of the deprecated function. This may include information on how the removal will affect user workflows, system performance, or compatibility with other features.
* **Alternative Configuration:**  This field provides an alternative solution or new methodology that can be used in place of the deprecated function is indicated.&#x20;
* **Deprecation Date:** This field indicates the date and the DAC version when the feature was officially deprecated in the DAC .&#x20;
* **Estimated Removal Date:** This field shows the expected date for the complete removal of the deprecated function from the DAC. It helps in planning effectively for applications migration and updates. The icon 🆕 shows removal date that have now been declared.

{% hint style="danger" %}
In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.
{% endhint %}

### List of object deprecated

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="220">Feature Name</th><th>Impact</th><th>Alternative Configuration</th><th>Deprecation Date and Version</th><th>Estimated Removal Date</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>YEAR 2025</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/internal/api/rest/v3/admin/users</code></strong></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/api/v3/rest/admin/users</code></strong></td><td><p>Jun 2025 </p><p>V2025.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/internal/api/rest/v3/admin/organization/{organization}/users</code></strong></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/api/v3/rest/admin/organization/{organization}/users</code></strong></td><td><p>Jun 2025 </p><p>V2025.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/internal/api/rest/v3/admin/organization/{organization}/team/{team}/users</code></strong></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><code>POST: </code><strong><code>/api/v3/rest/admin/organization/{organization}/team/{team}/users</code></strong></td><td><p>Jun 2025 </p><p>V2025.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>GET:/api/v2/rest/users/sea</code>rch</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}</code> </td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>GET:api/v2/rest/users/{user}</code> </td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>GET:/api/v2/rest/users</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>GET:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/time_zone</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/scopes</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/other-scopes</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/organizations</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/timezone</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/language</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/email-notification</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/locate-me</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/groups</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/users/{user}/attributes</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest /users/{user}/status</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT: /api/v2/rest/users</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>DELETE:/api/v2/rest/users</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>PUT:/api/v2/rest/organization</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST:/api/v2/rest/users/deactivates/{user}</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST:/api/v2/rest/users/activates/{user}</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST:/api/v2/rest/users/kill/{user}</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>DELETE:/api/v2/rest/organizations/{id}</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>GET:/api/v2/rest/organizations</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>POST:/api/v2/rest/organizations/{id}/rename</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>sendMultiParamsChanged(params, sourceObjectID)</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><p>A New API is available: </p><p><strong><code>DECISYON.page.setParams(params);</code></strong></p><p>Export a list of parameters in the format [{name, value}]. The value can be an array of string or numeric values or a single string or numeric value. The values are always sent without quotes. The function also allows you to force or remove single quotes by setting the parameter <code>singleQuotes</code> to <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.</p></td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>sendParamChanged(paramName, paramValue)</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><p>A New API is available: </p><p><strong>DECISYON.page.setParam(param);</strong></p><p>Export a parameter in the format [{name, value}]. The value can be an array of string or numeric values or a single string or numeric value. The values are always sent without quotes. The function also allows you to force or remove single quotes by setting the parameter <code>singleQuotes</code> to <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.</p></td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><code>DECISYON.page.sendCheckListParamChanged(pName, pValue, type, checked)</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A new API will be available </td><td><p>Jan 2025</p><p>V 2024.1.4</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td><strong>YEAR  2024</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="../documentation/report/advanced-features/report-with-prompt.md">prompts-associated</a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy “Prompt” properties of Report Editor.</td><td>No alternative will be provided. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account manager in Decisyon.</td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined</td></tr><tr><td>Workspace property <code>show-menu-item</code></td><td>This configuration is no longer applicable</td><td>No alternative configuration. </td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Workspace property <code>subject-fullname</code></td><td>This configuration is no longer applicable</td><td>No alternative configuration. </td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../documentation/instance-configuration/tools/preferences.md">page-navigation-component</a></td><td>It will no longer possible to use the property. </td><td>No alternative configuration. </td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Metadata Installer in Design Studio</td><td>You will no longer possible to install the metadata schema in the database using Design Studio.</td><td>DevOps can install AppComposer metadata deploying AppComposer and using HELM charts</td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Property <a href="../documentation/instance-configuration/tools/preferences.md#web"><code>decisyonWebURL</code></a></td><td>You will no longer be able to set this property in Design Studio.</td><td>Configure the YAML for the deployment</td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>V.2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>System parameters  "<code>%TENANTS%</code>" and "<code>%CURRENT_TENANT%</code>"</td><td>It will no longer possible to use this variable</td><td>Use the new variables <code>%CURRENT_ORGANIZATION%</code> and <code>%ORGANIZATIONS%</code></td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>System parameter <code>%metadata_schema%</code></td><td>It will no longer possible to use this variable</td><td>No alternative configuration. You need to hard-code the metadata schema name in the query</td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>JavaScript function <code>DECISYON.userInfo.currentTenantId</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><p>A New API is available</p><p><code>DECISYON.userInfo.currentOrganizationId</code></p></td><td><p>Jul 2024</p><p>2024.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>YEAR  2023</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><p>Arguments of JS API</p><p><code>DECISYON.utils.showNotification</code></p></td><td>The <code>autoClose</code> and <code>cssClassName</code> arguments of the <code>DECISYON.utils.showNotification</code> JS function are deprecated.</td><td>Remove the two mentioned argumentes from the invocation of the JS API<code>DECISYON.utils.showNotification</code> </td><td><p>Oct 2023 </p><p>V. 2023.2.0</p></td><td><p> </p><p>To be defined</p></td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/application-synchronization-wip#snchronization-with-files-from-design-studio"><strong>Import ADP file from Design Studio</strong></a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to import .adp files using the Design Studio.</td><td>Import .adp file from the web application</td><td><p>Oct 2023</p><p>V. 2023.2.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Widget <a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/widgets/widgets-list#crosstab-deprecated">Crosstab</a></td><td>The "Crosstab" widget will no longer be available in the page designer. Pages that use the widget will display an error box.</td><td>We recommend using the Smart Grid widget. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the widget <a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/widgets/widgets-list#smart-grid">Smart Grid</a></td><td><p>Oct 2023 </p><p>V. 2023.2.0</p></td><td><p>To be defined.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td>Datasource "<a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/application/data-source/data-source-type/relational-database#ibm-db2-deprecated">IBM DB2</a>"</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use database type "IBM DB2" in the Data Source.</td><td><p>No alternative configuration.</p><p><br></p></td><td><p>Oct 2023</p><p>V.2023.2.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Datasource "<a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/application/data-source/data-source-type/relational-database#teradata-deprecated">Teradata</a>"</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use database type "Teradata" in the Data Source.</td><td>No alternative configuration.</td><td><p>Oct 2023</p><p>V.2023.2.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/user-management/groups-administration#group-permissions-deprecated">Permission</a> in the User Group Management.</td><td>In the User Group Management, it will no longer be possible to configure the Permission associate to each object of the DAC (for example cubes, dimensions etc).</td><td>No alternative configuration.</td><td><p>Oct 2023 </p><p>V.2023.2.0</p></td><td><p> </p><p>Jun 2024</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>extLogout</code></td><td>The <code>extLogout</code> JS API function will no longer be available for use.</td><td><p>Replace it with the new JS API</p><p><code>Decisyon.app.logout()</code></p></td><td><p>Mar 2023</p><p>V. 2023.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Year 2022</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>api/rest/{application}/report/{id})</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td>A New API is available:<code>api/v2/rest/{application}/report/{id}</code> Include (by default) information about the report's properties (task and annotation-enabled, column definition, edit grants and delete message), cell's decorations (drill, task) and data. Information about the report and cells now includes the writable and read-only flags.It's possible to exclude any of those to retrieve a minimal set of data using the query string parameter "exclude" (possible values are: "drill","span","decorations","properties" and "data").</td><td><p>Nov 2022</p><p>V 2022.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><code>​extStartLoading​extStopLoading</code></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the functions. Existing pages or widgets that use them must be refactored.</td><td>No alternative API will be provided.</td><td><p>Nov 2022</p><p>V 2022.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><p>The following properties that are passed in the context of the widget and that can be used when creating custom widgets using widget designer.</p><ul><li>preferred-width</li><li>preferred-height</li><li>defaultMaxHeight</li><li>defaultMinHeight</li><li>min-height</li><li>min-width</li><li>defaultMaxWidth</li><li>defaultMinWidth</li><li>contAutoExpH</li><li>contAutoExpW</li></ul></td><td>Custom widgets must be refactoring not using anymore the above properties and they have to be designed such in a way that it won’t not longer be required to leverage the container’s dimensions.Before the removal, some of these properties will be set to “false” by default.</td><td>No alternative will be provided.</td><td><p>July 2022</p><p>V 2022.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>The property <a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/page-designer/page-properties#positioning-container-style"><strong>position</strong></a> available in the page designer for each widget.</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the property. Existing pages or widget that use this property must be redesigned.</td><td>No alternative will be provided.</td><td><p>July 2022</p><p>V. 2022.1.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Widget SDK Api, leave Template and Target objects only.</td><td>Deprecate the Widget SDK documentation referring to the global DECISYON object.</td><td>The new documentation is available on the Decision API tab in the Widget Designer documentation.</td><td><p></p><p>Feb 2022</p><p>V. 2022.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr><tr><td><code>ext*</code> Javascript function</td><td>Deprecate all <code>ext*</code> Javascript function accessible from the Page's Javascript object.</td><td>In the function panel, the new function is indicated for each deprecated function.</td><td><p></p><p>Feb 2022</p><p>V. 2022.0.0</p></td><td>To be defined.</td></tr></tbody></table>





​
