# Deprecations

### &#x20;<a href="#deprecation" id="deprecation"></a>

This section of the Change Log, updated to the DAC **2022.0.0** version, provides a list of the deprecated functions, i.e. functions which are started to be abandoned in the DAC Platform. The FUNCTION GUARANTEED UNTIL VERSION column of the table in the following paragraph shows the release until which the function will be guaranteed; this means that, if a function is guaranteed until version 5.4, the function is guaranteed on the version prior to 5.4 and all its patches 5.4.x but it is potentially removable by Decisyon starting from version 5.5.0.

&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th width="187"></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>DEPRECATION</strong></td><td><strong>IMPACT</strong></td><td><strong>ALTERNATIVE CONFIGURATION</strong></td><td><strong>FUNCTION GUARANTEED UNTIL VERSION</strong></td></tr><tr><td>ext* Javascript function</td><td>Deprecate all ext* Javascript function accessible from the Page's Javascript object.</td><td>In the function panel, the new function is indicated for each deprecated function.</td><td><p>2023.0.0</p><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Widget SDK Api, leave Template and Target objects only.</p><p><br><br></p></td><td>All the Widget SDK documentation which refer to the global DECISYON object are deprecated and will be removed. Refer to the <a href="https://dac.decisyon.net/docs/widget_sdk/index.html#/api_decisyon/@Introduction">Decisyon API</a> documentation for next developments</td><td><p>The new documentation is available on the Decision API tab in the Widget Designer documentation.</p><p><br><br></p></td><td><p>2023.0.0</p><p><br><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Widget <a href="https://decisyon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~436823021/pages/2353496065/Change+Log+Version+2022.1.0+Theobald"><strong>Styled Selector</strong></a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy widget "Styled Selector" in the page designer. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td><p>Several new widgets will be distributed via Widget Hub and it replace each "style" of the legacy widget. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the new widget.</p><p><br><br></p></td><td>2022.3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Widget<a href="https://decisyon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~436823021/pages/2353496065/Change+Log+Version+2022.1.0+Theobald"> <strong>Inner Container</strong></a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy widget "Inner Container" in the page designer. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td>A new widget will be distributed via Widget Hub. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the new widget.</td><td>2022.3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Widget <a href="https://decisyon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~436823021/pages/2353496065/Change+Log+Version+2022.1.0+Theobald"><strong>Image</strong></a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy widget "Image" in the page designer. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td>A new widget will be distributed via Widget Hub. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the new widget.</td><td>2022.3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Widget <a href="https://decisyon.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~436823021/pages/2353496065/Change+Log+Version+2022.1.0+Theobald">Map</a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy widget "Map" in the page designer. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td><p>A new "map" widget will be distributed via WidgeHub. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the new widget.</p><p><br><br></p></td><td>2021.3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Widget<a href="https://app.gitbook.com/o/-Mf1nqOzbgLBl5PsDWsN/s/bhu84cM46ITfHln35pSX/documentation/design-studio/page-widget/form#file-selector-file-selection"> File Selector</a>​</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the legacy widget "File Selector" in the page designer. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td><p>A new widget will be distributed via Widget Hub. Existing widgets in pages must be manually migrated to the new widget.</p><p><br><br></p></td><td>2022.3.0</td></tr><tr><td><a href="/broken/pages/-Mjcfc-EaiKt0AyAaMFz">Server&#x26;Services</a> editor</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use “server&#x26;services” editor to define the services available in the cluster. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td>Create manually the YAML or the ConfigMap following the App Composer documentation</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td><a href="/broken/pages/-MiuQows2wHR-WFGvvAa">Platform-Deploy wizard</a></td><td>It will no longer be possible to use wizard to create the YAML file to deploy on Docker Compose. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</td><td>Not available</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td>api/rest/{application}/report/{id}).</td><td>It will no longer be possible to use the API</td><td><p>A New API is available:</p><p>api/v2/rest/{application}/report/{id}</p><p>Include (by default) information about the report's properties (task and annotation-enabled, column definition, edit grants and delete message), cell's decorations (drill, task) and data. Information about the report and cells now includes the writable and read-only flags.</p><p>It's possible to exclude any of those to retrieve a minimal set of data using the query string parameter "exclude" (possible values are: "drill","span","decorations","properties" and "data").</p></td><td> </td></tr><tr><td><p>The following properties that are passed in the context of the widget and that can be used when creating custom widgets using widget designer.</p><ul><li>preferred-width</li><li>preferred-height</li><li>defaultMaxHeight</li><li>defaultMinHeight</li><li>min-height</li><li>min-width</li><li>defaultMaxWidth</li><li>defaultMinWidth</li><li>contAutoExpH</li><li>contAutoExpW</li></ul></td><td><p>Custom widgets must be refactoring not using anymore the above properties and they have to be designed such in a way that it won’t not longer be required to leverage the container’s dimensions.</p><p>Before the removal, some of these properties will be set to “false” by default.</p></td><td>No alternative will be provided.</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td>The property <a href="../../../documentation/report/report/#report-publication-deprecated"><strong>position</strong></a> available in the page designer for each widget.</td><td><p>It will no longer be possible to use the property. Existing pages or widget that use this property must be redesigned.</p><p>In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</p></td><td><p>No alternative will be provided.</p><p> </p></td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td><a href="/broken/pages/-MfHcp9BezuYaJ0tXVZ_">Inbox</a></td><td><p>It will no longer be possible to use “inbox” page. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</p><p></p></td><td>A new revised notification page will be release in future versions. Migrations of existing messages will not be guaranteed.</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../../../documentation/report/report/#report-publication-deprecated">Report catalog permission</a></td><td><p>It will no longer be possible to use the privileges / permission in the report catalog. In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</p><p></p></td><td>No alternative will be provided.</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td>extLogout</td><td>It will be nolonger possble to use the function extLogout</td><td><p>A New function is available: <em>Decisyon.app.logout()</em></p><p><br></p></td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>extStartLoading</p><p></p><p>extStopLoading</p></td><td><p>It will no longer be possible to use the functions. Existing pages or widgets that use them must be refactored.</p><p>In case the removal will affect features already available in a production environment please contact your account in Decisyon.</p></td><td>No alternative Javascript API will be provided.</td><td>2022.4.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;<br>
