# Widget List

In this section, we provide you with a comprehensive list of available widgets in DAC, each accompanied by a representative image and a brief description.

To learn more about a specific widget, click on its name to directly access the reference documentation.

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards" data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="image">Cover image</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h2>🆕<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/andon-line-1.0/">Andon Line</a></h2></td><td>Use the <strong>Andon Line</strong> widget to visualize event timelines, status changes, and downtime across resources (lines, machines, operators) in a dynamic <strong>Gantt-like view</strong>. Instantly identify anomalies and track operational sequences.</td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Andon Line Card Cover (1).png">Andon Line Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/basic-chart/">Basic Chart</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Basic Chart</strong> widget to display one or more than one series of data configuring the type of chart to use or a combination of them. Supported charts are <strong>line</strong>, <strong>column</strong>, or <strong>stacked columns</strong>.</p><p></p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Basic Chart Card Cover_2.png">Basic Chart Card Cover_2.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>🆕<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/bullet-chart">Bullet Chart</a></h2></td><td>Use the <strong>Bullet Chart</strong> widget to <strong>visualize performance against targets and qualitative standards</strong> across multiple items (e.g., lines, products, vendors) in a dynamic, compact <strong>linear gauge view</strong>. Instantly identify performance gaps and track metric status relative to established zones (Low, Medium, High).</td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Bullet Chart Card Cover.png">Bullet Chart Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/button/">Button</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Button</strong> widget to easily design different types of controls that perform actions with a single tap. The widget will export values or a parameter on click events.</p><p>The picture shows different predefined types and styles of <strong>Button</strong> widget designed with minimal configuration. You can associate custom actions to the buttons and export values on click events as parameters on the page.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Button V 3.0  Card Cover (2).png">Button V 3.0  Card Cover (2).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/chart/">Chart</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Chart</strong> widget to plot and compare your data across different charts.</p><p>The picture shows just some samples of the available chart types.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Chart Card Cover (2).png">Chart Card Cover (2).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/checkbox/">CheckBox</a></h2><p>The <strong>CheckBox</strong> widget is a graphical user interface element that allows business users to select multiple options from a list of choices.<br>Checkboxes enable users to make more selections simultaneously. This flexibility is useful in applications where business users may need to indicate the completion of various tasks, select multiple products or components, or choose from a list of options.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/CheckBox Card Cover.png">CheckBox Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/checklist/">Checklist</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Checklist</strong> widget to create a questionnaire and interact with answers options starting from simple reports in one step.</p><p>In the pictures, the <strong>Checklist</strong> widget built with three simple reports.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Checklist Card Cover (1).png">Checklist Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/column-chart/">Column Chart</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Column Chart</strong> widget for comparing the frequency, count, total, or average of data in different categories starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Column Chart</strong> widget is built with a simple report. The data are displayed as a set of columns. The chart shows the annual revenues between video game companies, comparing three series of data.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Column Chart Card Cover (1).png">Column Chart Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/column-and-row-container/">Column and Row Container</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Column and Row Container</strong> widgets individually or in combination to contain widgets, and create Pages that adapt to the screen resolution. By using containers, you can also hide widgets (collapsed) to have a clearer view of the page.</p><p>The picture shows an example of how to organize a page using containers. In the Page Design, you can copy and paste the structure of the containers to contain other widgets on either the same page or another.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Row Container Card Cover (1).png">Row Container Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>⛔<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/crosstab/">Crosstab</a> (Deprecated)</h2><p>Use the <strong>Crosstab</strong> widget to display your data in a table format by inheriting the properties defined in your report, and customizing it through the features provided by the widget.</p><p>The picture shows an example of a report customized by the <strong>Crosstab</strong> widget.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Crosstab Card Cover (1).png">Crosstab Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/date-filter/">Date Filter</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Date Filter</strong> widget to filter date fields. Quickly navigate to the desired value by selecting from the predefined set of dates and export the selected choice as parameters on the page.</p><p>The picture shows the <strong>Date Filter</strong> widget created with minimal configuration. You can select a value from a predefined set of dates or set a custom date range. The selected choice will be exported as parameters on the page.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Date Filter Card Cover (1).png">Date Filter Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>⛔<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/date-picker/">Date Picker</a>(Deprecated) </h2><p>Use the <strong>Date Picker</strong> widget for entering or selecting a date value. Quickly navigate to the desired date by the calendar pop-up and export the selected choice as parameters on the page.</p><p>The picture shows the <strong>Date Picker</strong> widget created with minimal configuration. You can enter a date value into the input field or select the date by the calendar pop-up. The selected choice will be exported as parameters on the page.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Date Picker Card Cover (1).png">Date Picker Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/date-time-picker/">Date Time Picker</a></h2><p>The <strong>Date Time Picker</strong> widget enables business users to easily enter or select a date-time value or only a date. Navigate to your desired date with convenience using the interactive calendar, featuring sliders for precise, customizable time adjustments. Once a selection is made, the chosen date and time are exported as parameters, ensuring seamless integration with other page elements or processes.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/New Date Time Picker Card Cover (1).png">New Date Time Picker Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>🆕<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/debugger">Debugger</a></h2></td><td>The <strong>Debugger</strong> is an essential diagnostic tool for App Developers, providing <strong>real-time visibility</strong> into the application's runtime state. It eliminates the need for temporary debug components by consolidating four critical views: <strong>Page Parameters</strong> (with audit logging), <strong>Page Info</strong>, <strong>User Info</strong>, and <strong>Browser Environment</strong>. Use the Debugger to track dynamic variable changes, audit their history with precise timestamps, and efficiently troubleshoot complex page interactions.</td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Debugger_card_cover.png">Debugger_card_cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/discussions/">Discussions</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Discussions</strong> widget to associate comments, production notes, or other information to the data in the reports. This widget, available in the Collaboration group, lets you start the discussions among different user groups.</p><p>In the picture, a <strong>Discussion</strong> that uses the tag feature and attachments was opened.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Discussuon Card Cover (3).png">Discussuon Card Cover (3).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/discussions-stream/"><strong>Discussions Stream</strong></a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Discussions Stream</strong> widget to view the discussions opened in one or more <strong>Discussions</strong> widgets. It will act as a collector for the discussions opened in various sections of the system and, for example, on the same topics.</p><p>In the picture, the discussions displayed in the <strong>Discussions Stream</strong> have the same features as the <strong>Discussions</strong> widget and are configured in a rather similar way to the <strong>Discussions</strong> widget.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Discussion Stream Card Cover (1).png">Discussion Stream Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/dount-chart/">Donut</a></h2><p>The <strong>Donut Chart</strong> Widge is a visualization tool used to represent proportional data in a circular format, with a hollow center for additional insights such as totals or labels. It is employed to display percentages, segment comparisons, or category distributions. With extensive customization options—including colors, label positioning, tooltips, and interactive drill-through—it ensures a clear and adaptable presentation.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Donut Card Cover.png">Donut Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/dropdown/"><strong>Dropdown</strong></a> </h2><p>Use the <strong>Dropdown</strong> widget to search and choose single or multiple values from a series of items starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Dropdown</strong> widget is built with a simple report. You can easily search and select an item through a list of choices.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Dropdown Card Cover.png">Dropdown Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/execute-button/">Execute Button</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Execute button</strong> widget to perform operations that interact with other systems or DAC objects.</p><p>The picture shows an example of using the <strong>Execute Button</strong> widget to open a new page in Drill Through.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Execute Button Card Cover.png">Execute Button Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/file-manager/">File Manager</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>File Manager</strong> widget to manage your files. Simply upload, download, select, and manage files in your application.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>File Manager</strong> widget is built with a simple report that contains different information on the uploaded files on the web application. Each row of the report corresponds to an uploaded file.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/File Manager Card Cover.png">File Manager Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/file-upload/">File Upload</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>File Upload</strong> widget to select and transfer files from local devices to an App Composer application. This widget requires only a few settings to be configured in Page Designer by App Developers. </p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/File Upload Card Cover.png">File Upload Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/heatmap/">HeatMap</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>HeatMap</strong> to show tabular data values as solid color variations starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>HeatMap</strong> widget is built with a simple report. Data are displayed as a combination of rectangles with solid color variations. The chart shows the annual revenues between sales employees in a company.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Heatmap Card Cover.png">Heatmap Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/hierarchical-checkbox/">Hierarchical Checkbox</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Hierarchical Checkbox</strong> widget to build a selector tree starting from a simple report in one step.</p><p>In the picture the <strong>Hierarchical Checkbox</strong> widget is built with a simple report.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Hierarchical Checkbox Card Cover.png">Hierarchical Checkbox Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/iframe/">IFrame</a> </h2><p>Use the <strong>IFrame</strong> widget to easily incorporate content from external sources, such as websites, web applications, or documents.<br>This widget is a versatile solution for creating dynamic pages and providing an interactive web experience.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/IFrame Card Cover.png">IFrame Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/image/">Image</a></h2><p>The <strong>Image</strong> widget is designed to display specific images within an App Composer page, which is useful for logos or static pictures.</p><p>Use this widget to embed pictures from external sources. Page Developer specifies the URL of the content he wants to embed, and the Image widget displays it within the page. Configure the image URL dynamically by providing parameters and associating an action to execute when the image is clicked.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Image Card Cover.png">Image Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/javascript/">JavaScript</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>JavaScript</strong> widget to define the JavaScript code to be used on the same Page.</p><p>The picture shows an example of the <strong>JavaScript</strong> widget in the Page Design.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Javascript Card Cover.png">Javascript Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/kanban/">Kanban</a></h2><p>The <strong>Kanban Widget</strong> is a <strong>versatile work management tool</strong> designed to optimize processes across multiple stages. With its intuitive <strong>drag-and-drop interface</strong>, it provides a <strong>clear and structured</strong> way to track, organize, and manage work progress efficiently. It consists of:</p><ul><li><strong>Columns</strong>: Represent workflow stages (e.g., "To Do," "In Progress," "Completed").</li><li><strong>Cards</strong>: Represent tasks, displaying key details like title, description, assignee, and status.</li></ul></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Kanban Card Cover (4).png">Kanban Card Cover (4).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/key-value-set/">Key Value Set</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Key Value Set</strong> widget to measure your progress and see how close you are to reaching the goal starting from a simple report.</p><p>The picture shows different predefined styles of <strong>KPIs</strong> designed with minimal configuration. You can associate to the widget an action to recall an object (Report, Page, and Web page) and view detailed data inside a new window.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Key Value Set Card Cover.png">Key Value Set Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/map/">Map</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Map</strong> widget to render Geographical maps or Custom maps, and show information for a specific location starting from a simple report.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Map Card Cover.png">Map Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/multi-chart/">MultiChart </a></h2><p>The <strong>Multi Chart Widget</strong> is a versatile tool designed for visualizing and analyzing multiple Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) simultaneously, offering business users a comprehensive view for better decision-making. With the ability to configure various chart types and customize data presentation, it provides a flexible way to compare KPIs through multiple chart visualizations.<br><br></p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Multi Chart Cover_1 (1).png">Multi Chart Cover_1 (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/numfield/">NumField</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>NumField</strong> widget to easily create input elements for capturing a single line of numeric information and export their values as parameters on the page.</p><p>The picture shows the <strong>NumField</strong> widget created with minimal configuration for capturing numbers with decimal values. You can enter, display or edit different numeric information to qualify or limit the <strong>NumField</strong> input and export their values as parameters on the page.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Numfield Card Cover.png">Numfield Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/pageby-seletor/">PageBy Selector </a></h2><p>The <strong>PageBy Selector</strong> widget is a versatile tool designed to enhance interactivity and filtering within pages. By using dimensional levels, it enables users to filter and refine the data displayed, making it especially useful for applications that require navigating extensive datasets or focusing on specific data segments. It supports single or multiple-dimensional level filtering, customizable aliases, and layout options.l filtering, customizable aliases, and layout options.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/PageBy Selector Card.png">PageBy Selector Card.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/params-cleaner/">Params Cleaner</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Params Cleaner</strong> widget to restore the parameters of the page to the initial conditions.</p><p>The picture shows an example whereby selecting the <strong>Params Cleaner</strong> button, the Dropdown widget, and its exported parameters on the page return to the initial value.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Params Cleaner Card Cover.png">Params Cleaner Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/pareto/">Pareto</a></h2><p>The <strong>Pareto Widget</strong> is a powerful visualization tool designed to highlight the most significant factors contributing to a given outcome. By combining a <strong>Column Chart</strong> and a <strong>Cumulative Line Chart</strong>, it helps businesses quickly identify the key drivers behind inefficiencies, losses, or performance variations.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Pareto Card.png">Pareto Card.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/pie-chart/">Pie Chart</a></h2></td><td>The Pie Chart Widget is designed to <strong>visualize proportions</strong> within a dataset by dividing a whole into <strong>slices</strong>, each representing a category’s contribution. It is ideal for <strong>quick comparisons</strong> and <strong>distribution analysis</strong> in various contexts, including manufacturing, quality control, and performance monitoring.</td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Pie Chart Card Cover.png">Pie Chart Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/plain-text/">Plain Text</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Plain Text</strong> widget to insert free text and HTML code, or to show the parameters exported from other widgets on the Page.</p><p>The picture shows a simple example of using different <strong>Plain Text</strong> widgets to insert formatted texts on the Page and to show the parameters exported by another widget.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Plain Text Card Cover.png">Plain Text Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/radio-button/">Radio Button</a></h2><p>The <strong>Radio</strong> <strong>Button</strong> is a control element that allows business users to select one option from a list of predefined choices.</p><p>It supports different states and has pre-selection functionality. <br>Use this widget when business users need to make a single selection from a set of options because it limits the user to selecting only one option at a time.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Radio Button Cover.png">Radio Button Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>🔜<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/record-viewer">Record Viewer</a></h2></td><td>The <strong>Record Viewer</strong> is a widget that displays detailed, non-aggregated data in a modern card format. It's the ideal tool for visualizing all key attributes of a single entity. Data binding is simplified because the widget automatically uses report column headers as Labels. Use it to <strong>efficiently display the contextual data and key attributes of a single record</strong> within page layouts.</td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Record Viewer_Card_Cover.png">Record Viewer_Card_Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/rich-text/">Rich Text</a></h2></td><td><p>Discover the core functionalities of the <strong>Rich Text Widget</strong> that streamline content editing and formatting. This interactive widget empowers you to create dynamic and personalized content effortlessly.</p><p>The <strong>Rich Text</strong> widget enables business users to create rich textual content through a user-friendly interface. It delivers tools for creating, editing, and formatting text, paragraphs, lists, tables and other HTML elements.</p></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Rich Text Widget Cover.png">Rich Text Widget Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/scatterplot/">Scatter Plot</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>ScatterPlot</strong> widget to show and observe the relationship between variables, plot multiple scatter series in a single chart to compare different data sets starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>ScatterPlot</strong> widget is built with a simple report. The data are displayed as points in the chart. A point is placed based on the coordinates for the x-axis and y-axis. This chart shows height and weight by gender, showing a clear trend where men are on average taller and heavier than women.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Scatter Plont Card Cover.png">Scatter Plont Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>🆕<a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/scheduler/">Scheduler</a></h2></td><td>The <strong>Scheduler Widget</strong> is a dynamic calendar-based visualization tool designed to present <strong>scheduled events and meetings</strong> in a clear, interactive format. Replacing traditional tabular views, this widget enables business users to <strong>explore time-based data intuitively across multiple views</strong> and timeframes. It supports various calendar formats and provides a flexible and responsive experience for viewing event details such as time, location, and description.</td><td data-object-fit="contain"><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Scheduler.png">Scheduler.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/slideshow/">Slideshow</a></h2><p>Create a slideshow easily on your pages. Showcase specific items in your application using a scrolling list of images, PDF, and videos. The <strong>Slideshow</strong> widget allows you to add interesting and dynamic galleries to your pages.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Slideshow</strong> widget is built with a simple report that contains information about the contents shown in the slideshow. Each row of the report corresponds to an item.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Slideshow Card Cover.png">Slideshow Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/smart-grid/">Smart Grid</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Smart Grid</strong> widget for displaying and manipulating a large amount of data in a tabular format starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Smart Grid</strong> widget is built with a simple report. The data are displayed in a tabular format. Its rich feature set includes functionalities like data editing, sorting, filtering, drill-through, and exporting to Excel, PDF, and CSV.<br></p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Smart Grid Card Cover.png">Smart Grid Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/stepper/">Stepper</a></h2><p>The <strong>Stepper</strong> widget enables you to create a sequence of steps starting from a simple report. Use it to walk users through all the steps required to complete an action that requires several distinct actions.</p><p>The picture shows an example to represent purchase order tracking. <strong>Stepper</strong> has icons and status colors that can be used to indicate whether the step is active or completed. The step ID will be exported as a parameter on the page when the user selects the step.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Stepper Card Cover (1).png">Stepper Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/submit/">Submit</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Submit</strong> widget to make effective page parameter changes on Data Visualization widgets.</p><p>The picture shows a page for selecting parameters where the <strong>Submit</strong> widget passes parameters to the report.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Submit Card Cover.png">Submit Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/switch/">Switch</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Switch</strong> widget to perform a toggle (false/true) action between selected and unselected states and export the action's value as parameters on the page in different Boolean formats.</p><p>The picture shows the <strong>Switch</strong> button created with minimal configuration via the widget's configuration properties. You can select and unselect the widget and export their values as parameters on the page in different Boolean formats.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Switch Card Cover.png">Switch Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/tab-control/">Tab Control</a></h2><p>Use <strong>Tab Control</strong> to contain pages. It is inserted into the main Page and shows various pages simply by selecting the associated TABs. The parameters of the Main Page can be used as a filter in the pages contained in the <strong>Tab Control</strong>.</p><p><strong>Tab Control</strong> consists of two widgets: <strong>Tab Selector</strong> defines the TABS and the associated Pages, and the <strong>Tab Panel</strong> customizes the container of the pages associated with the TAB of the T<strong>ab Selector</strong> widget.</p><p>The picture shows the Page Preview. For each Page, a specific TAB was created. The pages can be browsed by selecting the desired TAB.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Tab Control Card Cover.png">Tab Control Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/text-area/">Text Area</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Text Area</strong> widget to enter unlimited free text, and optionally, specify the rule that the text should contain. The name of the widget can be used as a parameter within the page.</p><p>The picture shows the <strong>Text Area</strong> widget. The border turns yellow when writing.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/TextArea Card Cover.png">TextArea Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/textfield/">Text Field</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Text Field</strong> widget to easily create input elements for entering, displaying, or editing different data types and export their values as parameters on the page.</p><p>The picture shows different types of input elements created with minimal configuration via the <strong>Text Field</strong> widget. You can enter, display or edit different information in the <strong>Text Field</strong> and export their values as parameters on the page.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Text Field Card Cover.png">Text Field Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/text-field-legacy/">Text Field (Legacy)</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Text Field (Legacy)</strong> widget to enter, edit, and display data on a single line, where you can type the text that matches the rules set up on the widget. The name of the widget can be used as a parameter within the page.</p><p>In the picture are represented all input types you can set. The widget provides the text-align feature to define the alignment of your data in the input.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/TextField Legacy Card Cover (1).png">TextField Legacy Card Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/timeline/">Timeline</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Timeline</strong> widget to show a sequence of important events in chronological order starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Timeline</strong> widget is built with a simple report. You can easily see and understand important events in time through flags with the details and colors used to represent events.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Timeline Card Cover.png">Timeline Card Cover.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/time-series-chart/">Time Series Chart</a></h2><p>Use the <strong>Time Series Chart</strong> widget to display the evolution of one or more metrics over time, starting from a simple report.</p><p>In the picture, the <strong>Time Series Chart</strong> widget is built with a simple report. Each point on the chart corresponds to both a time and a quantity. The chart shows the trend over time between production cost and selling price of video game consoles.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Time Series Chart Cad Cover (1).png">Time Series Chart Cad Cover (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/toggle-button/">Toggle Button</a></h2><p>The <strong>Toggle</strong> <strong>Button</strong> is a control element that allows business users to select one or more options from a list and perform a toggle (on/off or enabled/disabled) action between checked and unchecked states. </p><p>It is a visual indicator that changes appearance to reflect its current state. It may display specific items, change color when toggled, and may be horizontally or vertically oriented.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Toggle Button Cover_1 (2).png">Toggle Button Cover_1 (2).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2><a href="https://dac-documentation-1.gitbook.io/waterfall/">Waterfall</a></h2><p>T<strong>he waterfall widget</strong> visually represents incremental value changes, highlighting both <strong>positive and negative variations</strong> to help users analyze trends and total composition.</p><p>Page Developers can configure the widget with a simple report. Clicking a chart segment exports its <strong>ID value</strong>, enabling further interactions within the page. <strong>Drill-Through functionality</strong> can be configured directly within the report’s data source, allowing users to explore a detailed breakdown of values for deeper insights.</p></td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/Waterfall Card Cover.png">Waterfall Card Cover.png</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

