# Enhancement

Welcome to the "Enhancement" section of DAC!  This page is dedicated to the Development Enhancements of the DAC. Here you will find a comprehensive list of all the improvements and enhancements that have been made to the application. Enhancements represent our ongoing commitment to providing a software that is more powerful, efficient, and intuitive to meet your needs. Each listed Enhancement includes a description of new features, optimizations, or changes that have been implemented.

<table><thead><tr><th width="148.33333333333331">Activity ID</th><th>Description</th><th>Info</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>D4C-8333</td><td>Exclude user variables value from parameters sent within link to open a page</td><td><p>Parameters preselected with values of the variables user must not be used to build a link to access the page.</p><p>Variables of groups User parameters <a href="https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/app-functionality/system-parameters#user-parameters">https://documentation.decisyon.com/documentation/app-functionality/system-parameters#user-parameters</a> must not be used to build a link to access the page</p><ul><li>Variable %DAC_ACCESS_TOKEN%</li><li>Variable %ACCESS_TOKEN%</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8349</td><td>Client to call API Rest: Java Client to run the Rest API within a snippet</td><td><p>It’s possible to:</p><ul><li>call a Rest API using its tag</li><li>to pass parameters to the Rest API</li><li>read the Rest API response body</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8348</td><td>API to execute Snippet: New End Point to execute an existing Snippet, giving back its result as response.</td><td><p>It’s possible to:</p><ul><li>Pass parameters to the snippet, both single and multiple values.</li><li>Match the response body with the result of the snippet.</li><li>The executed snippet return a JSON result.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7803</td><td>Highlight in page designer which widget is flex</td><td>Now in the Page Designer the Containers an Widgets that activate the Flex option are highlight with Flex Colum Contaniner , Flex Row Container or Flex Widget Name</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7804</td><td>Add space between widgets in a flex container</td><td>New property "flex-gap" you to set a space between Widget</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7805</td><td>Add more options to horizontal-align property of a flex container</td><td>New options are available to align Row Containers and Column containers within the Page.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7813</td><td>Import the ADP in an environment different from the one that created the CTRL file.</td><td>It’s possible to import an ADP file in a instance that have a different ID, but the same application owner.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8180</td><td>Configure dependency in the report's column definition for columns "value list"</td><td>The values displayed in a column of type "lists of values" can depend on the selected value in another column available in the same Report.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8205</td><td>%DAC_ACCESS_TOKEN% or %ACCESS_TOKEN% parameters available in pages</td><td>The variables %ACCESS_TOKEN% and %DAC_ACCESS_TOKEN% can be used in page preselection values.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8324</td><td>New System Security Variables</td><td><p>Three new system properties are available: appcomposer.security.sts.max-age-in-days</p><ul><li>appcomposer.security.sts.preload</li><li>appcomposer.security.sts.include-sub-domains</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;
