# Fixed Defects

Welcome to the "Fixed Defects" section of DAC! This page lists the fixed bugs in the software. You will find detailed information about the identified issues and their corresponding solutions. The list will give you an overview of the fixes made to enhance the user experience.

<table><thead><tr><th width="146.33333333333331">Activity ID</th><th>Description</th><th>Solution</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>D4C-3759</td><td><p>We have created a custom measure in a cube that is associated to a REST Datasource. The execution a report that is created on the cube raises the following exception:</p><pre><code>Error message:Column Type: UNKNOWN. Not supported. 
java.sql.SQLException: Column Type: UNKNOWN. Not supported.
</code></pre><p>Probably REST data source doesn't manage SQL advanced syntax like “CASE WHEN” on cube with custom measure.</p><p>Please note that the same syntax works when used as description formula in a level on the same REST data source.</p></td><td>To use the “case when” syntax in a custom measure formula, you need to cast the result of the “case”.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-6916</td><td>Multilanguage tags are not visible on report PDF export in Russian, Chinese and others languages.</td><td><p>Added new fonts to support the pdf export of CJK languages and others. Language to font mapping is in the <a href="fixed-defects.md#font-langiages-pdf">fonts-languages.pdf </a>attached to this ticket.</p><p>To export to PDF reports that contain non-Latin languages, you must use the Report <strong>export-specific-source</strong> property to select a font that can render the language characters.</p><p>The property <strong>export-specific-source</strong> must be overwrite so that it is also applicable to reports prior to this version.</p><p>For the characters to be visible, you must set the specific font UNIFONT.</p></td></tr><tr><td>D4C-6964</td><td><p><strong>Inverted idVal and viewVal columns in the JSON of the Widget for a SQL Report.</strong></p><p>When a SQL report is associated to a widget, the report has a single column used for both ID and Description <strong>and</strong> the property “create-temp-table” is disabled, then the JSON associated to the widget will have the idVal and viewVal columns swapped.</p></td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7816</td><td><p><strong>Variable %CURRENT_TENANT% does not change value on tenant change when used in user filter.</strong></p><p>If you define a user filter using the variable %CURRENT_TENANT%, when the user change the tenant from the web dropdown, the value of this variable is not modified accordingly, leading to "wrong" data in the report.</p></td><td>The bug has been fixed. When the user change tenant, the value of the variable %CURRENT_TENANT% is refreshed in any user filter.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7817</td><td>Page preview of page designer raise exception</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-7984</td><td><p>There are still some scenarios for which the XLS report export (and sometime visualizatoin) is not correct.</p><p>It happens with both OLAP report and SQL report, but we did not find the root cause for this. If the same report is created from scratch, then it works.</p></td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8150</td><td>Rest api not updated on action list. If we have a rest api (with a parameter into the endpoint) added as action of an action list, the presence of the parameter will be notified by an icon, but no update will be authomatically done after parameter removal from endpoint</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8153</td><td>On schedule, start, and end dates are not translated with the user’s TimeZone.</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8155</td><td>Deleting all the action lists it is possible to see the details of the last Schedule selected</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8168</td><td>Info icon tooltip on service status doesn’t show last starting date, but it seems that information is the same of last update field.</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8169</td><td>Service Jobs are not restarted automatically after a crash</td><td>Now the Service Jobs are not restarted automatically after a crash</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8221</td><td>Changing the name of the page author of the edit is not correctly reported both on web Show Infos and on Design Studio recently modified section</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8247</td><td>While synchronizing the entire groups folder to new env, as new application mode, the system returns error.</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8249</td><td>Synchronizing a page (DEPLOY) renamed, these are proposed and modified but the new name is not visible on destination env.</td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8271</td><td><p>Configuring a Datasource Rest using the POST method raise an exception when clicking the “<strong>Show Content Sample</strong>” button. The same exception is raised also when a report built using the datasource is executed.</p><p>No problem occurred until I check the sample data. If you save the datasource anyway and create a report, using a sql query based on this datasource, the exception is raised.</p></td><td>The bug has been fixed.</td></tr><tr><td>D4C-8275</td><td><p>Configuring a Datasource Rest using the GET method that contains <strong>semicolon</strong> in the query string parameters an exception is raised when clicking the “show content sample” button.</p><p>The same exception is raised also when a report built using the datasource is executed.</p><p>No errors are raised until I click the “show content sample” button.</p><p>If you save the datasource anyway and you later create a report, using a sql query based on this datasource, the exception is raised.</p><p> </p></td><td>The bug has been fixed. Now when query string contains semicolon, no exception is raised on Datasource configure or report execution</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Font Langiages PDF&#x20;

{% file src="../../../.gitbook/assets/fonts-languages.pdf" %}

