# DRILL THROUGH

## Overview

Configuring **DRILL\_THROUGH** in the **execution-type** property, it is possible to open a report, a page or an external web page in drill-through. The drill-through target may could be configured to replace the current page or to open the target page in a dialog. Using drill through, all the parameters from the source page are passed to the target page.&#x20;

### Execution-type Properties

The properties that are specific for the configuration of the **Execution-type  DRILL\_THROUGH** are listed below:

<table><thead><tr><th width="275">Specific Properties</th><th width="252">Description</th><th width="133" align="center">Type</th><th width="148" align="center">Default Value</th><th width="358" data-type="checkbox">Allow Page Parameters</th><th data-hidden>Group</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>dialog-title</strong></td><td>Sets the dialog title.</td><td align="center">TEXTFIELD</td><td align="center"></td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>show-on</strong></td><td>Defines where the drill-through has to be rendered. You can choose between Contextual and Not Contextual renderings options.</td><td align="center">SELECT</td><td align="center"></td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>drill-through-grants</strong></td><td>Allows you to select which user groups can view the drill through.</td><td align="center">SELECT</td><td align="center"></td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>openNewWindow</strong></td><td>Open the drill-through in a dedicated dialog.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">True</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>full-screen</strong></td><td>Open the drill-through dialog in full-screen mode.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">False</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>window-width</strong></td><td>Sets the width of the dialog. It is visible if the <strong>full-screen</strong> property is not enabled.</td><td align="center">NUMERIC</td><td align="center">800</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>window-height</strong></td><td>Sets the height of the dialog. It is visible if the <strong>full-screen</strong> property is not enabled.</td><td align="center">NUMERIC</td><td align="center">600</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>enable-esc-to-close</strong></td><td>If enabled, the user can click the “<strong>ESC</strong>” button to close the dialog.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">True</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>allow-user-to-close</strong></td><td>If enabled, the "<strong>X</strong>" button to close the dialog is displayed.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">True</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>click-outside-to-close</strong></td><td>When enabled and the dialog is not in full-screen mode, the user can click outside to close the drill-through dialog.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">False</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>allow-full-screen</strong></td><td>When enabled, it provides buttons to open the drill-through in full-screen and exit from the full-screen mode.</td><td align="center">SWITCH</td><td align="center">True</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>openActionType</strong></td><td><p>Select the target object to open with the drill-through </p><ul><li><p><strong>Page</strong>: the drill-through opens a Page. This enables:</p><ul><li><strong>page:</strong> select one of the Pages created with the Page Designer.</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Report:</strong> the drill-through opens a Report. This enables:</p><ul><li><strong>report:</strong> select one of the reports saved in the Report Catalog.</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Open URL</strong>: the drill-through opens a external web page using the report paramaters. This enables the:</p><ul><li><strong>url:</strong> specifies the URL page address. Page parameters can be used in the URL</li></ul></li></ul></td><td align="center">SELECT</td><td align="center">Page</td><td>false</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

